Benchmarq® Package
Insurance that's always to scale
lady in a suit
It's scalable, it's fast and it bridges a hidden gap
Flexes to keep fitting your lower middle market clients
Benchmarq is our new package insurance solution which scales up and down with your lower middle market clients and beyond — to meet their needs as they expand or evolve. 

 

No matter the size of the account, you'll easily be able to add coverage options. And be ready for any new risks clients come across.

Swift coverage that suits your clients
You'll be able to make fast, flexible quotes at competitive prices — keeping your lower middle market clients happy.

 

Plus, with a breadth of coverages that go beyond industry standards, finding the right solution has never felt simpler.

Tap into a new part of the market
Benchmarq package scales up to protect lower middle market businesses as they grow, bridging the gap between small and medium-sized clients. As a result, you can now sell Chubb and its insurance benefits to this segment – helping you do more business with more clients, more often.

Chubb - Benchmarq - Anthony
Play Video
Simple Solution
Meet Anthony, Senior Underwriter at Chubb
Hear first-hand how our package can give lower middle market clients (plus bigger businesses) a simple solution to their growing pains.

Read our blogs






Download our ready-made tools to sell Benchmarq to your lower middle market clients



Industries Benchmarq Caters To
Give your lower middle market clients (and larger companies, too) scalable, specialist protection in the following sectors:
Art gallery
Cultural institutions
Education
Financial institutions
Food
Life sciences
Manufacturing
Professional services
Real estate
Retail
Technology
Wholesale
Wine
Choose Benchmarq
Six reasons why you should choose Benchmarq for your business:

Reason 1
Update coverages to what clients want
Access flexibility at competitive prices. And update coverages fast.

