Home PageBusinessRestaurant
Restaurant, Bar & Taverns Insurance


California Insurance Service,. caters to the insurance needs of today's restaurant owners, offering quality coverage unique to the industry. Designed for full-service fine dining and family restaurants, our value is straightforward...we can better serve you because we specialize in and understand the restaurant industry. We offer:

Broad coverages designed for your industry and tailored to your standards.

Competitive Pricing

Responsive, fair claims services that protect the best interests of policy owners.

Access to safety and loss prevention information specifically for restaurant operations.

As experts in restaurant insurance and risk management issues, we have built upon our experience to develop a portfolio of coverage to address every facey of your restaurant operation. Available coverages include:

Property Insurance - Business Income, Equipment Breakdown, Food Contamination Spoilage, Sewer Backup

Crime/Employee Dishonesty

General Liability

Liquor Liability

Employee Benefit Liability


Los Angeles Restaurant, Bar & Tavern Insurance Quote

Restaurant Business Owner's Package(BOP) can be designed based for the challenges that you face as a business restaurant owner.

Coverage for Restaurant Insurance Package:
Business Property
Business Property insurance covers losses if a fire, hail or another event damages your building and equipment, which could force you to close your restaurant's doors. It covers your restaurant location and inside contents including fixtures, furniture and valuable restaurant equipment.

Business Liability
Choose Business Liability insurance for accidents, mistakes or injuries that may occur at your restaurant. This may include a customer's claim of a broken tooth or illness because the food served at your restaurant was tainted.

Business Crime
Unfortunately, employee theft, robbery and forgery are obstacles you may encounter as a restaurant owner. Business Crime Insurance covers you for losses both within and outside your restaurant.

Workers' Compensation
Accidents involving your employees may happen even in the safest, most code-compliant kitchens and dining rooms. We offer Workers' Compensation insurance for your restaurant so you are prepared when those accidents and illnesses occur.

 Restaurant Insurance

Because restaurants vary dramatically depending on size, location and style, your businessowners policy may be customized with affordable options, such as:

Property/Contents/Loss of Income Limits to $5,000,000 and Commercial General Liability which includes occurrence Form and Limits of $1,000,000 / $2,000,000 Occurrence / General Aggregate General Liability and $1,000,000 / $2,000,000 Occurrence (Common Cause)/ General Aggregate Liquor Liability

High Liquor revenue accounts eligible

Equipment Breakdown Included

Data Compromise / Identity Theft Recovery Coverage available

Broadened Property and General Liability Coverage Forms

Employment Practices Liability available

Food Contamination Coverage

Business Umbrella Insurance

Today's restaurant environment is more complex than ever and you want to know you're covered for unexpected occurrences. California Insurance Service All in One Restaurant Package includes Business Liability, Property, Crime, and other coverages designed to meet your insurance needs. Whether your restaurant is elegant, trendy, traditional, ethnic, or home-style we have the package for you. We offer insurance for the following types of restaurants:

Buffets

Delis

Cafés

Diners

Cafeterias

Drive-ins

Carry-out restaurants

Fast food

Coffee shops

Food bars

Fine dining restaurants

Family-style

Luncheonettes

Sandwich shops

Bars & Taverns

 

Restaurant Coverages
Here are some of the coverage options that are available to you to help you with your insurance needs.

 

Property and Inland Marine
Buildings at Replacement Costs or Actual Cash Values

Automatic Increase in Building Amount (inflation guard)

Contents at Replacement Costs or Actual Cash Values

Automatic Increase of the contents for seasonal fluctuation

Loss of income & extra expense on an actual loss sustained basis for 12 months or other extended period

Loss of income & extra expense from power interruption

Loss in value of undamaged building portion, demolition or increased construction cost to meet ordinance or law requirement

Comprehensive equipment breakdown coverage

Coverage extension to newly acquired buildings and contents

Fire department service charge and extinguisher recharge cost

Debris removal & Pollutant clean up cost

Back up of sewers or drains

Accounts Receivables and Valuable Papers coverage

Computer equipment including Media & Records

Earthquake or earthquake sprinkler leakage

Transportation (Transit) Coverage

Spoilage Coverage

Bailee Coverage

 

Crime
Employee Dishonesty

Forgery & Alteration

Money & Securities - both inside and outside of the premises

Money Orders & Counterfeit Currency

 

General and Other Liability
Operations and Premise liability including parking lot liability

Personal and Advertising injury liability

Products and Completed Operations liability

Contractual and Owners Protective liability

Hired and Non-owned automobile liability

Employee Benefits Liability

Liquor legal liability