Insurance for Technology Companies
Technology is transforming life, business, and the global economy. A relentless parade of new technology is unfolding on every front; and with innovation comes risk. Chubb understands this fast-paced industry and the risks that technology businesses face.
information technology technician at work
Who we serve
Protecting technology companies of all sizes, across every sector

Technology services and consulting
Providers of online transaction processing, infrastructure support, remote data storage, and consulting services face a variety of potential liabilities best insured by a knowledgeable carrier.

Software and systems developers
Developers of packaged software and creators of customized systems applications need specialized insurance expertise to help mitigate product and other exposures. 

Communications and network service providers
Telecommunications network infrastructures and cloud services carry complex, evolving technology and business exposures that require up-to-date solutions. 

Electronics and hardware manufacturing
Technology manufacturing involves a complex and global web of facilities, suppliers, contractors, and retailers that all come with risks best handled by an insurance partner with the right expertise.

Products & Services
At Chubb, we help technology companies of all types and sizes protect against risk so that they can keep innovating and growing — from small startups to large multinationals, private venture-backed companies to public corporations. For more than 40 years, we've insured technology companies against property and business income, general liability, and professional liability risks. 

Commercial package insurance
In addition to coverage for large, multinational companies, Chubb covers small and midsize businesses with three package policy options — Business Owners Policy (BOP), Benchmarq, and Customarq. Each combines property, business income, and general liability insurance, and can be tailored for your specific exposures. 

Business owners policy (BOP)
Protect your small business with this customizable insurance package policy. It offers a combination of property, business income, crime, employment practices liability, cyber, and general liability coverages, as well as the ability to add supporting insurance solutions specifically tailored to your small business needs.

Benchmarq
Designed to be scalable for small to midsize businesses, Benchmarq is a flexible, customizable package including property, business income, and general liability insurance. Featuring enhanced base coverages that are broader than the industry standard, Benchmarq makes it easy to add protections as your business grows or risks evolve.

Customarq
Our proprietary package product offers midsize businesses property, business income, and general liability insurance with a wealth of options to suit your needs. Customarq’s modular approach provides unmatched flexibility to protect against global exposures and industry-specific perils, and to quickly respond to emerging and evolving risks.

semiconductor
