Business Owner’s Policy (BOP) Insurance

With broad protection for property and liability exposures, Chubb’s Business Owners Policy serves as the foundation for your insurance portfolio.

Learn more Back to Products

Product detailsAssociated APIs
Overview
Policy coverages
Sample documentation
Business Owner’s Policy (BOP) Insurance
With broad protection for property and liability exposures, Chubb’s Business Owner's Policy serves as the foundation for your insurance portfolio.

Policy coverages
Whats covered?
Lawsuit defense

Covers you if you're sued or a claim for damages made against you for bodily injury, property damage or personal and advertising injury.

Court costs

Court costs, bail bonds and bonds to appeal judgments or for your release.

Damages

Damages you're legally obliged to pay because of liability.

Note: Doesn't include fines, penalties, taxes, sanctions, restitution, or disgorgement, or punitive or exemplary damages. This is money you're required to pay to resolve a claim or suit, including interest and attorney fees

No-fault medical expenses

Medical fees for people injured in an accident if the:

Accident happens on your premises and during the policy period and in your area of coverage
Costs are reported to us within a year of the accident, and the injured person agrees to be examined by our physicians.
Medical expenses include first aid given at the time of the accident, medical services and ambulance, hospital, professional nursing and funeral services

Loss of business income

If your business space is damaged and you have to stop operating, we'll pay for your lost business income while you're getting repairs made and your business back on its feet. We'll also cover any extra costs you have to pay for during this time.

Accounts receivable record

If your accounts receivable records are lost or damaged meaning you can't collect money from your customers, we'll pay:

The amount you can't collect
The interest charges on loans you take out because you can't collect money
Any collection costs that are over and above your normal ones.
Forged checks

Covers your costs if someone issues a forged or altered check or draft in your name. If you're sued for refusing to pay the forged or altered note, we'll also cover reasonable legal expenses as long as you have our permission.

Electronic data

We'll pay to restore or replace electronic data that has been destroyed or damaged, physically or by a computer virus. We'll also cover any extra costs you have to pay for during this time.

We define this as software, data or other information in electronic form

Employee dishonesty

If your employee commits a dishonest or criminal act, causing physical damage to or loss of property, money and securities, this covers your loss.

Business personal property

Lost or damaged business personal property on either an actual cash value or replacement cost, depending what you choose when you take out this policy.

This is all business property you own or use in your business, other people's belongings, signs, fixtures, glass and other tenant's improvements and betterments, and any business items you lease.

Personal property (Off-Premises)

Loss or damage to your employees' personal property, as long as it happens within 1,000 feet of your building.

Outdoor property

Loss or damage to your outdoor fences, radio and television antennas (including satellite dishes), signs, outdoor trees, shrubs and plants caused by fire, lightning, explosion, riot or civil commotion, aircraft or self-propelled missiles

Valuable papers and records

Cost to restore, reproduce or replace valuable papers that are physically damaged or lost in a fire, lightning, an explosion, a windstorm, hail, smoke, aircraft or vehicles, a sinkhole collapse, volcanic action, falling objects, weight of snow, ice or sleet or water damage.

Pollutant clean-up and removal

Covers costs to clean up or remove pollutants from the land, water or air at your business, if they're released by a fire, lightning, explosion, windstorm, hail, smoke, aircraft or vehicles, sinkhole collapse, volcanic action, falling objects, weight of snow, ice or sleet or water damage.

We class pollutants as any solid, liquid or gaseous irritant or contaminant including smoke, vapor, soot, fibers, fumes, acids, alkalis, chemicals and waste

Dependent business premises

These are other premises in the coverage territory that you depend on to deliver materials or services to you or others on your behalf, buy or accept your products or services, manufacture products for you, or attract customers to your business.

We define this as software, data or other information in electronic form

What's not covered?
Expected Or Intended Injury
Pollution
Liquor Liability
Workers Compensation
War
Professional Services
Aircraft, Auto Or Watercraft
Increase of Business Income loss
Extra Expense
Animals
Buildings and Contraband
Disappearance
Electrical Damage
Land
Neglect
Vehicles